relnote(122): SVG use elements cannot use data URIs (#31124)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/122/index.md

#### Removals

- Removed support for `data:` URLs in SVG `<use>` elements and via the [`SVGUseElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGUseElement) interface to prevent [XSS](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Cross-site_scripting) attacks.

>   This functionality is behind the preference `svg.use-element.data-url-href.allowed` which can be set to `true` to enable the legacy behavior ([Firefox bug 1806964](https://bugzil.la/1806964)).

Reviewer: > This functionality is behind the preference

It might sound ambiguous, like it’s not removed, but behind a feature flag for now. How about this?

```suggestion
  This removal can be reverted with the preference `svg.use-element.data-url-href.allowed` set to `true` to enable the legacy behavior ([Firefox bug 1806964](https://bugzil.la/1806964)).
```

Author: Good point. What do you think of this:

> The legacy functionality may be re-enabled by setting the `svg.use-element.data-url-href.allowed` preference to `true`, although this is not recommended for security reasons ([Firefox bug 1806964](https://bugzil.la/1806964)).

Reviewer: Looks good!

Author: TY! I've just edited your suggestion and committed it for convenience.
